Add changelog for 1.9.0 release (#8319)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: readme.txt

For the plugin's full changelog, please see [the Releases page on GitHub](https://github.com/google/web-stories-wp/releases).

= 1.9.0 =

**Release Date:** July 13, 2021.

> * New feature: automated optimization of animated GIFs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: animated GIFs are now automatically optimized as videos.
```

I'd also move this item below the cropping feature.

> * New feature: Completely overhauled pre-publish checklist and improved checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: freshly redesigned checklist (now located next to the help center).
```

> * New feature: Optimize existing videos inserted via the WordPress media library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: optimize existing videos in the WordPress media library.
```

> * New feature: animated GIFs are now automatically optimized as videos.
> * New feature: freshly redesigned checklist (now located next to the help center).
> * New feature: optimize existing videos in the WordPress media library.
> * New feature: crop publisher logo and poster images directly in the editor.

Author: ```suggestion
* New feature: freshly redesigned checklist (now located next to the help center).
* New feature: optimize existing videos in the WordPress media library.
* New feature: crop publisher logo and poster images directly in the editor.
* New feature: animated GIFs are now automatically optimized as videos.
```

> * New feature: Added image cropping when choosing publisher logo and poster image in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: crop publisher logo and poster images directly in the editor.
```

> * Added 9 brand new templates for creators to choose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New feature: 9 new templates for creators to choose from.
```

> * Bumped minimum version requirements to PHP 7.0+ and WordPress 5.5+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Minimum requirements are now PHP 7.0+ and WordPress 5.5+.
```

> * Ensured compatibility with WordPress 5.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Compatibility with WordPress 5.8.
```

== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.9.0 =

> New templates, revamped pre-publish checklist, enhanced media optimization, bug fixes and performance improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New templates, redesigned checklist, logo & poster image cropping, broader media optimization, bug fixes and performance improvements.
```
